well I'm pretty fucking sure that X had
killed the arms dealer and organize the
ambush even want me dead for years I
guess he figured it since I'd seen gold
as well that wasn't a good thing so
where did eggs go fuck knows I got back
to the club Norman see me one thing was
her short filly was fucking euros I took
a few of the guys down to the docks to
clean up the mess a pic of the weapons
and he never showed his face again
eventually at the time he completely
disappeared off the radar yeah we look
for him for weeks rumors started singing
and killed when I didn't buy it but Joe
you said eggs has got the gold mound he
was in Calvary this morning yeah use
their course yet others doing the dirty
work forums fucking coward boys boys
always will be how'd he get away with
the gold day shit i noticed a old plan
get the goals get it to philly get made
doesn't really turn out like that
after the first party in Calvary this
morning I guess we were safe and sound
what I was just before you turned up ok
boss thing is wrong yeah just about
let's go back for the coffin before more
trouble shows up you're gonna pay with
your lives oh hey boss over here at
first I didn't know for sure that eggs
was there that morning but this thing
had his stench all over it no it's fun
I've been thinking about Johnny just
before the first attacked have reacted
if he knew I got to go first
you know he's a kid that thing that made
Johnny different was his temper you know
when he got angry just do crazy things
who's more reckless back then never shy
away from a fight regardless of the odds
open wide
anyway for some reason I can't remember
now Johnny told me got into a fight with
a neighborhood gang and during a fight
some fucker cracked him over the head
with a metal pipe put him in the
hospital for weeks
anybody would seen Johnny fights that
his brains must have been scramble to
try and take on all Street gang and when
he was released from the hospital
everybody started calling him Johnny
scrambled eggs beyond oh you know what
think after that fight something's John
to change he'd become scared and that
was out yeah sure everybody was real
wary of them then on everything's
getting Johnny but the fight it just got
out
when the guy staggered out of the bell
tower I immediately recognized him from
way back in South Carolina all those
years ago and then I saw well I've been
busy fucking killing half of New York's
criminal fraternity eggs have been
sneaking around in a background looking
for the gold finally found what he'd
spent most of his worthless life looking
for